Answer to question "What is a harmonised standard, why is it important" (#62)
orcwg/cra-hub: faq.md

    <a name="q-what-is-a-harmonized-standard-and-why-does-it-matter"></a>

>     <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-56" href="#faq-tmp-56">tmp-56.</a> What is a <em>Harmonized Standard</em> and why does it matter?</strong></summary>	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-56" href="#faq-tmp-56">tmp-56.</a> What is a <em>harmonised standard</em> and why does it matter?</strong></summary>	
```

> A _Harmonized Standard_ is a standard developed by European Standardization organisations, which is designed to provide organisations who follow them with a presumption of compliance with the law. It takes the legal requirements of the law and translates them into technical requirements for those implementing it. The Harmonised Standards for the Cyber Resilience Act will define how most developers comply with the law.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _harmonised standard_ is a standard developed by one of the [European Standardisation Organisations (ESOs)][ESO]. It takes the legal requirements of the law and translates them into technical requirements for those implementing it. Certain _harmonised standards_ provide organisations which implement them with a _presumption of compliance_ with the law. This is why it is expected that most organisations will choose to implement the harmonised standards to comply with the CRA. The ORC WG maintains a [list of harmonised standards][standards] requested by the European Commission to the ESOs.

[ESO]: https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/single-market/european-standards_en
[standards]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/standards.md
```

Suggesting a slight rewrite to address @maertsen's point about presumption of compliance and plug in our list of standards.

Reviewer 2: "one of" is not accurate. MAny of the CRA hENs are being collaboratively produced by ETSI and CEN.

Reviewer: Good catch. Fixed.

Reviewer: @jmaris please let me know if the above proposed changes work for you and if we can merge them in.

Reviewer 3: > ```suggestion
> A _harmonised standard_ is a standard developed by the [European Standardisation Organisations (ESOs)][ESO]. It takes the legal requirements of the law and translates them into technical requirements for those implementing it. Certain _harmonised standards_ provide organisations which implement them with a _presumption of compliance_ with the law. This is why it is expected that most organisations will choose to implement the _harmonised standards_ to comply with the CRA. The ORC WG maintains a [list of _harmonised standards_][standards] requested by the European Commission to the ESOs.
> 
> [ESO]: https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/single-market/european-standards_en
> [standards]: https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/blob/main/standards.md
> ```
> 
> Suggesting a slight rewrite to address @maertsen's point about presumption of compliance and plug in our list of standards.

Reviewer 3: d97e3170791c7a7e5b577c8579aafd66b9ff15ca
